Event size limits across RudderStack SDKs (#608)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/stream-sources/rudderstack-sdk-integration-guides/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/js-sdk-faqs.mdx

## What is the size limit on the requests?

> RudderStack allows events with a maximum size of `32 KB` per call. The [**`batch`**](https://rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/http-api#11-batch) endpoint accepts a maximum call size of `4 MB` per batch and `32 KB` per call. 

Author: ```suggestion
RudderStack allows events with a maximum size of `32 KB` per call. The [**`batch`**](https://rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/http-api#11-batch) endpoint accepts a maximum call size of `512 KB` per batch and `32 KB` per call. 
```

> RudderStack responds with a `400 Bad Request` if these limits are exceeded.

Reviewer: At least in the case of JS SDK `batch` is not applicable except for the Beacon transport mechanism. However, it has its own limitations on the payload size.
@MoumitaM let's find the actual numbers to the team.
